let me go, let me go,
Do they know who I am?
Understand me, I am the eldest son of a cultivator.
Have you ever crossed my back before?
I like you very much, as long as you can help me accomplish one thing,
Your little family will become the most royal family in China,
And you Xiaofeng will be me,
The most reasonable feeling.
Do you understand, you just want to share the flames?
If you cultivate your style, you will definitely be scolded as a handicapper.
Just just just just just just just
Just just just just just
Then I will let the people you protect write about you.
Will they need him to save them?
How about your life, Yang Er?
I know you were very revealing last night
But I really didn’t want you to be bullied last night
can you forgive me
Where is Zhan Tianchen?
He left last night after you died
I knew it
He might not be the one who can protect me.
Then who saved last night?
Being deceived by a general?